Update expression and anomaly detector documentation (#8041)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax.md

|----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|---------------|
| `()`                 | Priority expression                                   | Left to right |
| `not`<br> `+`<br>  `-`| Unary logical NOT<br>Unary positive<br>Unary negative | Right to left |

> | `*`, `/`             | Multiplication and Division operators                 | Left to right |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `*`, `/`             | Multiplication and division operators                 | Left to right |
```

Division is not a proper noun and need not be capitalized.

> | `+`, `-`             | Addition and Subtraction operators                    | Left to right |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `+`, `-`             | Addition and subtraction operators                    | Left to right |
```

Substraction is not a proper noun and need not be capitalized.

```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### Arithmetic expressions

> Arithmetic expressions allow you to do few basic arithmetic operations. Arithmetic expressions may be combined with conditional expressions to make more complex conditional expressions. The available arithmetic operators are `+`, `-`, `*`, and `/` for doing addition, subtraction, multiplication and division respectively. The syntax for using the arithmetic operators is as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Arithmetic expressions enable basic mathematical operations like addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. These expressions can be combined with conditional expressions to create more complex conditional statements. The available arithmetic operators are +, -, *, and /. The syntax for using the arithmetic operators is as follows:
```

```
<Any> + <Any>
<Any> - <Any>
<Any> * <Any>
<Any> / <Any>
```

> The following are some example arithmetic expressions: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following are example arithmetic expressions: 
```

```
/value + length(/message)
/bytes / 1024
/value1 - /value2
/TimeInSeconds * 1000
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> The following are some example arithmetic expressions used in conditional expressions : 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following are example arithmetic expressions that can be used in conditional expressions: 
```

```
/value + length(/message) > 200
/bytes / 1024 < 10
/value1 - /value2 != /value3 + /value4
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### String concatenation expressions

> String concatenation expressions allow you to concatenate strings to generate new strings. The concatenated strings can be used in conditional expressions too. The syntax for using string concatenation is as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
String concatenation expressions enable you to combine strings to create new strings. These concatenated strings can also be used within conditional expressions. The syntax for using string concatenation is as follows:
```

```
<String Variable or String Literal> + <String Variable or String Literal>
```

> The following are some example string concatenation expressions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following are example string concatenation expressions:
```

```
/name + "suffix"
"prefix" + /name
"time of " + /timeInMs + " ms"
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> The following are some example string concatenation expressions used in conditional expressions :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following are example string concatenation expressions that can be used in conditional expressions:
```

```
/service + ".com" == /url
"www." + /service != /url
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### Reserved symbols

> Reserved symbols are symbols that are not currently used in the expression syntax but are reserved for possible future functionality or extensions. Reserved symbols include `^`, `%`, `xor`, `=`, `+=`, `-=`, `*=`, `/=`, `%=`, `++`, `--`, and `${<text>}`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Certain symbols, such as ^, %, xor, =, +=, -=, *=, /=, %=, ++, --, and ${<text>}, are reserved for potential future functionality or extensions, even though they are not currently used in the expression syntax. Reserved symbols include `^`, `%`, `xor`, `=`, `+=`, `-=`, `*=`, `/=`, `%=`, `++`, `--`, and `${<text>}`.
```

| `()`                 | Priority expression      | Yes                  | `/a==(/b==200)`<br>`/a in ({200})`                             | `/status in({200})`                   |
| `in`, `not in`       | Set operators            | Yes                  | `/a in {200}`<br>`/a not in {400}`                             | `/a in{200, 202}`<br>`/a not in{400}` |
| `<`, `<=`, `>`, `>=` | Relational operators     | No                   | `/status < 300`<br>`/status>=300`                              |                                       |

> | `+`                  | String concat operator   | No                   | `/status_code + /message + "suffix"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `+`                  | String concatenation operator   | No                   | `/status_code + /message + "suffix"`
```

> | `+`, `-`             | Arithmetic Add and Subtract operators | No      | `/status_code + length(/message) - 2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `+`, `-`             | Arithmetic addition and subtraction operators | No      | `/status_code + length(/message) - 2`
```

> | `*`, `/`             | Multiply and Divide operators | No              | `/status_code * length(/message) / 3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `*`, `/`             | Multiplication and division operators | No              | `/status_code * length(/message) / 3`
```
